Baby Boomers Millennials Generation Z
and now Generation alpha also known as
the I generation boy it seems like we
should like to classify people huh born
from 2010 to 2025 the I Gen will soon be
a 2 billion crowd what makes them
different they grow up to the voices of
Siri and Alexa and Google assistant
helps them about the house many of them
were born in the same year as iPad and
Instagram 90% of the ijen kids learn to
handle a tablet by the age of 2 lots of
them also get their first personal
gadget when they are 3 to 4 years old an
individual approach is everything to
alphys they're used to smart algorithms
that create cartoon playlists and choose
music based on personal preferences the
ijen sorts the news they see in their
digital feeds and they expect the world
to be tailored to their needs and
interests the ijen creates new types of
content they unpack toys play computer
games in the let's play format and do
their own voiceovers of their favorite
games
Alfa's film their DIY ideas pranks live
streams and sitcoms and all these videos
get three times more views than those
created by adult vloggers baby shark
anyone alphas consume tons of
information every day to cope with this
flow their brains have to filter it it
only takes the new generation several
seconds to decide if the content is
worth paying attention to
they have great critical thinking skills
and don't waste time on the less
important stuff the borderline between
the real and online worlds is really
vague to the alphas they see their
digital profiles as an extension of
reality
one out of eight children vlog about
their everyday life they're used to
sharing everything not only with their
friends and family but also with the
rest of the world and they expect this
world to be the same as they see it on
online education will give alphas the
biggest part of the knowledge they'll
need and lots of them won't have to pay
for college artificial intelligence will
most likely replace a lot of jobs the
new generation will have to guess which
skills will stay in demand and develop
them a big part of the ijen will be
freelancers they'll never work for just
one employer alphas parents are
millenials that's almost a synonym to
instability that's why the new
generations used to constantly moving
their moms and dads changing careers and
struggling with financial problems all
this makes alpha is more mobile they
also adapt to all kinds of changes way
easier than others they are best friends
with their parents and spend more time
together than other generations tech
savvy alphas can give their parents some
digital tips they often share the same
interest create common vlogs and play
online games together the upbringing
process has also become different family
media consumption traditions have become
a big deal alphas will live longer many
of them will likely celebrate their
100th birthday first they have the
example of their parents who try to eat
healthily and work out second there's
already huge progress in medicine
artificial intelligence also helps alpha
kids have digital health trackers from
day one in the future there will be even
more AI involved in the whole process
that's why diagnosis and treatments will
become more accurate and efficient
generation alpha can shop online go to
places in self-driving cars and let
mobile apps and AI take care of other
things it means they'll have more free
time than previous generations to do
something they really enjoy for example
take care of their mental well-being get
new skills or develop their creativity
doing most of the things online does
save the ijen a bunch of time but can
damage their soft skills alphas are
digitally connected and just one click
away from the rest of the world but they
have less human contact than other
generations
no wonder they are sometimes called
generation glass or screen Agers there's
always some sort of glass screen between
them and the real world
transparency is one of the key features
in their universe alphas can always tell
if someone is being insincere in their
digital space they learn it at school
these days there are special lessons on
how to tell facts from fakes and whoever
tries to feed them a fake loses their
trust generation Alfa has high moral
standards and feels more responsible for
the Earth's future they're taught to be
eco-friendly when they are still
toddlers by watching their parents and
favorite cartoon characters recycle
conscious consumption means a lot to the
ijen they also expect other people to
support these ideas and promote them in
their vlogs screen Agers will have to
work on developing their emotional
intelligence it'll soon be the only
thing in which people can be superior to
robots AI includes the ability to
understand other people's emotions some
companies including Elon Musk's already
test potential candidates EW I through
online games one of the tasks is to
guess which emotion the person in the
photo is feeling more alphas will start
their own business than any other
generation they have all the necessary
resources for it including access to all
kinds of information and people via the
internet and social networks many alphas
will try entrepreneurship early in life
and fail but they'll learn from their
mistakes and most likely succeed in the
future alphas love to relax by both
making and watching content other
generations find meaningless platforms
like tick tock have grown massively in
recent years they let the I gen kids
express themselves creatively by using a
bunch of special effects and
simple editing tools Alfa's are decision
makers and powerful influencers their
parents have already started to choose
their tech purchases based on their kids
needs and it's just the beginning as
they grow up generation a will push
progress forward they'll focus on
building a world with no borders or
formalities more flexible and socially
responsible than today